A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
The secret to a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.
Bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh.
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once.
To love, cherish, and to obey.
It is not good that the man should be alone.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Sensual pleasures have the fleeting brilliance of a comet; a happy marriage has the tranquility of a lovely sunset.
Love is moral even without legal marriage, but marriage is immoral without love.
However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband.
Sometimes it seemed that matrimony, apart from being a way of getting free sex when men felt like it, was also a legalized way of committing assault and getting away with it.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
The tragedy of marriage is that while all women marry thinking that their man will change, all men marry believing their wife will never change.
Even cohabitation has been corrupted – by marriage.
No, the world must be peopled. When I said, I would die a bachelor, I did not think I should live till I were married.
He that hath a wife and children hath given hostages to fortune; for they are impediments to great enterprises, either of virtue or mischief.
He that said it was not good for man to be alone, placed the celibate amongst the inferior states of perfection.
Man and wife, coupled together for the sake of strife.
What therefore God hath joined together let not man put asunder.
Grave authors say, and witty poets sing, that honest wedlock is a glorious thing.
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.
An anniversary is a reminder as to why you love and married this person.
Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years.
Marriage, in its truest sense, is a partnership of equals, with neither exercising dominion over the other, but, rather, with each encouraging and assisting the other in whatever responsibilities and aspirations he or she might have.
We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness - and call it love - true love.
It's a beautiful night; We're looking for something dumb to do; Hey baby, I think I want to marry you
Marry me, today and every day. Marry me, if I ever get the nerve to say hello in this cafe.
Goin' to the chapel and we're gonna get married
Marriage is scary to me, man.
